hey guys how was the party
it was really fun Asus he's wearing a
woman's sweater and he's drunk
well he didn't drive drunk and he's home
before curfew so that's what I thought
we know yeah we're good my name's Simon
the most part my life is totally normal
I have a family but I actually like and
there's my friends we do everything
friends do we drink way too much dice
coffee walking on carbs so I'm just like
you except that I have one huge ass
secret hey I like your boots I said I
like your boots
goodbye nobody knows I'm gay have you
seen the new post about the closeted gay
kid at school
what who do you think it is can I call
you back you're glue I'm just like you
this was in this stage it's nice to know
there's another guy at school with the
same secret when did you first realize
it was a bunch of little things like my
first girlfriend I think I'm fine with
you Wow thank you be right back wasn't
my proudest moment sometimes I think I'm
destined to care so much about one
person it nearly kills me me too
I'm done living in a world where I don't
get to be Who I am
I deserve a great love story and I want
someone to share with
[Music]
have you ever been in love
think so
these last few years it's almost like I
can feel you holding your breath I'm
supposed to be the one that decides when
and where and who knows that's supposed
to be my thing
his claim this is about to get Bo Mantic
his f you're not in a happy are you
she's cute but she's just not really my
type not because she's black I love
black women not like you know I have a
thing for black women I just I just I
just love all women
[Music]